Add P4RT Deviation, Args and Implementation Guide (#961)
openconfig/featureprofiles: feature/experimental/p4rt/README.md

    1.  WBB P4 Protobuf file:
        https://github.com/openconfig/featureprofiles/blob/main/feature/experimental/p4rt/wbb.p4info.pb.txt

> 3.  Tests should instantiate new P4RT clients using
>     `p4rt_client.NewP4RTClient()` function. This instantiates the
>     `StreamTermErr` channel required to investigate errors when the p4rt stream
>     terminates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Tests should create new P4RT clients using the
    `p4rt_client.NewP4RTClient()` function, which sets up the
    `StreamTermErr` channel required to check errors when the p4rt stream
    terminates.
```

Just a nit to use shorter words because they are easier to read.

4.  Tests should make use of Ondatra Raw API `dut.RawAPIs().P4RT().Default(t)`
    during client instantiation.

5.  To avoid indefinite blocking during Get response
    `client.StreamChannelGetArbitrationResp()`, tests should make use of
    `p4rtutils.StreamTermErr()` function which returns an Error if the p4rt

>     stream has been terminated.

Reviewer: Let's explain why the indefinite blocking happens, namely that GetArbitrartion() blocks on the cond.Wait() after the cstream Go routine exits, which could be fixed by replacing cond.Wait() with a sleep (or a select on StreamTermErr channel).

Let's make it clear that the suggested workaround here does not fix the underlying issue. Use a code example to illustrate what the workaround looks like.

6.  Tests should get the P4RT Node Name by walking the Components OC tree.
    Components of type `INTEGRATED_CIRCUIT` should have child Components of type
    `PORT`. These PORT Components can be mapped to currently reserved Interfaces
    using the `hardware-port` leaf in the Interfaces tree. Such an
    implementation already exists in `p4rtutils` library:
    `p4rtutils.P4RTNodesByPort()`.

> 7.  If P4RT Node Names cannot be resolved by walking the Components tree, use
>     deviation flag `deviation_explicit_p4rt_node_component` and pass the node
>     names through args `arg_p4rt_node_name_1`, `arg_p4rt_node_name_2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.  If P4RT Node Names cannot be resolved by walking the Components tree, use
    deviation flag `--deviation_explicit_p4rt_node_component` and pass the node
    names through args `--arg_p4rt_node_name_1`, `--arg_p4rt_node_name_2`.
```
